CMCL-1656: Add easing to FreeLookModifier (#1047)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.cinemachine: com.unity.cinemachine/Documentation~/CinemachineFreeLookModifier.md

> [!NOTE] 
> [Save During Play](CinemachineSavingDuringPlay.md) tracks changes to properties of the existing items in the Modifiers list. However, it doesn't track any addition or removal of modifiers while in Play mode.

## Properties:

> | **Property:** | **Function:** |
> |:---|:---|
> | __Easing__ | The amount of easing to apply towards the center value.  Zero easing will blend linearly through the center value, while an easing of 1 will smooth the result as it passes over the center value. |
> | __Modifiers__ | The list of modifiers which will modify camera settings as a function of the FreeLook's Vertical axis value. |

Reviewer: Minor things. Ideally, we should also update the screenshot above to reflect the addition, but on the other hand, I didn't review this page yet in the overall refactor process, so that's up to you, I'll do it at some point.
```suggestion
| Property | Function |
| :--- | :--- |
| **Easing** | The amount of easing to apply towards the center value. Zero easing blends linearly through the center value, while an easing of 1 smooths the result as it passes over the center value. |
| **Modifiers** | The list of modifiers which modify camera settings as a function of the FreeLook's Vertical axis value. |

```
